README.md, before:

# Create T3 App

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## What's next? How do I make an app with this?

We try to keep this project as simple as possible, so you can start with just the scaffolding we set up for you, and add additional things later when they become necessary.

If you are not familiar with the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs. If you still are in the wind, please join our [Discord](https://t3.gg/discord) and ask for help.

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Learn More

To learn more about the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/), take a look at the following resources:

- [Documentation](https://create.t3.gg/)
- [Learn the T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/en/faq#what-learning-resources-are-currently-available) — Check out these awesome tutorials

You can check out the [create-t3-app GitHub repository](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) — your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md with project scope and setup instructions

README.md, after:

# gemini-cli-webui

This project aims to provide a web-based user interface for the `gemini-cli`.

It is implemented using the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) and will start with a minimal viable implementation, adhering to the YAGNI principle.

## Technologies Used

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Getting Started

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Grac11111aq/gemini-cli-webui.git
    cd gemini-cli-webui
    ```
2.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3.  Set up environment variables:
    Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in the required values. For initial development, you can set `AUTH_SECRET` to any string and leave `AUTH_DISCORD_ID` and `AUTH_DISCORD_SECRET` empty (they are made optional in `src/env.js` for development).
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
4.  Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    The application will be accessible at `http://localhost:3000`.

## Project Scope

This project focuses on providing a web interface to interact with the `gemini-cli`. The initial implementation will be kept as minimal as possible, adding features incrementally as needed.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.
